Wow... Loved this place. 	 1 
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty. 	 0 
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it. 	 1 
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices. 	 1 
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho. 	 0 
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.) 	 0 
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer. 	 0 
The fries were great too. 	 1 
A great touch. 	 1 
Service was very prompt. 	 1 
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced. 	 0 
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm! 	 1 
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair. 	 0 
Highly recommended. 	 1 
Waitress was a little slow in service. 	 0 
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas. 	 0 
did not like at all. 	 0 
The Burrittos Blah! 	 0 
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good. 	 1 
- They never brought a salad we asked for. 	 0 
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed. 	 0 
Overall, I like this place a lot. 	 1 
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive. 	 1 
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table. 	 0 
My first visit to Hiro was a delight! 	 1 
The shrimp tender and moist. 	 1 
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again. 	 0 
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick. 	 0 
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service. 	 1 
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section. 	 1 
The burger is good beef, cooked just right. 	 1 
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside. 	 1 
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table. 	 1 
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food. 	 0 
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom. 	 0 
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes. 	 0 
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!! 	 1 
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious. 	 1 
We'd definitely go back here again. 	 1 
We are so glad we found this place. 	 1 
Always a great time at Dos Gringos! 	 1 
A great way to finish a great. 	 1 
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well. 	 0 
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company. 	 0 
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up. 	 0 
The turkey and roast beef were bland. 	 0 
This place has it! 	 1 
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try. 	 1 
Omelets are to die for! 	 1 
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience. 	 0 
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party. 	 1 
Best breakfast buffet!!! 	 1 
Will be back again! 	 1 
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go! 	 1 
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming. 	 1 
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it. 	 1 
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon! 	 1 
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal! 	 1 
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing. 	 1 
Will go back next trip out. 	 1 
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good. 	 0 
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy. 	 0 
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit. 	 1 
Nice, spicy and tender. 	 1 
Good prices. 	 1 
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine. 	 0 
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES! 	 0 
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that... 	 0 
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food. 	 0 
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers. 	 1 
The management is rude. 	 0 
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even. 	 1 
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations. 	 1 
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas. 	 0 
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us. 	 0 
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me. 	 0 
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food. 	 1 
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated. 	 1 
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow. 	 0 
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace. 	 0 
I give it 2 thumbs down 	 0 
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us. 	 0 
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away. 	 1 
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here! 	 1 
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean. 	 1 
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored. 	 1 
this place is good. 	 1 
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE. 	 0 
I was seated immediately. 	 1 
Avoid at all cost! 	 0 
Restaurant is always full but never a wait. 	 1 
DELICIOUS!! 	 1 
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area. 	 1 
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste. 	 0 
The waitresses are very friendly. 	 1 
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers! 	 1 
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness. 	 1 
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack. 	 0 
I dressed up to be treated so rudely! 	 0 
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible. 	 1 
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined. 	 0 
Interesting decor. 	 1 
What I really like there is the crepe station. 	 1 
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!) 	 1 
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied. 	 1 
The live music on Fridays totally blows. 	 0 
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected. 	 0 
Great brunch spot. 	 1 
Service is friendly and inviting. 	 1 
Very good lunch spot. 	 1 
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. 	 0 
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous. 	 1 
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen. 	 0 
My friend loved the salmon tartar. 	 1 
Soggy and not good. 	 0 
Which are small and not worth the price. 	 0 
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in. 	 0 
I loved the bacon wrapped dates. 	 1 
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN! 	 1 
As for the mains, also uninspired. 	 0 
Very very fun chef. 	 1 
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's. 	 1 
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing). 	 1 
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse. 	 0 
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point. 	 0 
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood. 	 1 
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back. 	 0 
Owner's are really great people.! 	 1 
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful. 	 1 
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty. 	 1 
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast. 	 1 
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible. 	 0 
They know how to make them here. 	 1 
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite. 	 1 
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot! 	 1 
Plus, it's only 8 bucks. 	 1 
The service was not up to par, either. 	 0 
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time. 	 1 
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago! 	 1 
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed. 	 0 
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world! 	 1 
You cant go wrong with any of the food here. 	 1 
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff. 	 1 
The chefs were friendly and did a good job. 	 1 
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho. 	 0 
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding. 	 1 
I think not again 	 0 
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again. 	 0 
Service stinks here! 	 0 
I waited and waited. 	 0 
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza. 	 1 
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki. 	 0 
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home. 	 0 
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did! 	 0 
Just don't know why they were so slow. 	 0 
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection. 	 1 
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious. 	 1 
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care. 	 1 
The food was excellent and service was very good. 	 1 
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection. 	 1 
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12. 	 0 
Food was really boring. 	 0 
Good Service-check! 	 1 
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return. 	 0 
I did not expect this to be so good! 	 1 
Never going back. 	 0 
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude. 	 0 
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known. 	 0 
The only downside is the service. 	 0 
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had. 	 0 
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal. 	 1 
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!! 	 1 
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good. 	 1 
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad. 	 0 
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons. 	 0 
Everything was gross. 	 0 
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever. 	 0 
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai. 	 1 
It's worth driving up from Tucson! 	 1 
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none. 	 0 
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER. 	 1 
5 stars for the brick oven bread app! 	 1 
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious. 	 1 
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat. 	 1 
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious! 	 1 
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND. 	 0 
Pretty cool I would say. 	 1 
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm. 	 0 
The staff are great, the ambiance is great. 	 1 
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable. 	 1 
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it! 	 1 
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best. 	 0 
Best tacos in town by far!! 	 1 
I took back my money and got outta there. 	 0 
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing. 	 1 
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes. 	 0 
I won't be back. 	 0 
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut. 	 1 
The food was terrible. 	 0 
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED. 	 0 
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving. 	 0 
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas. 	 1 
This is a disgrace. 	 0 
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place. 	 1 
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great. 	 1 
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria. 	 1 
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos! 	 1 
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see. 	 1 
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area. 	 1 
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible. 	 1 
Left very frustrated. 	 0 
I'll definitely be in soon again. 	 1 
Food was really good and I got full petty fast. 	 1 
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME. 	 0 
For service, I give them no stars. 	 0 
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore). 	 0 
But now I was completely grossed out. 	 0 
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular. 	 1 
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste. 	 1 
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop. 	 0 
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic. 	 1 
Waiter was a jerk. 	 0 
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across. 	 1 
Service is quick and friendly. 	 1 
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat. 	 0 
Wow very spicy but delicious. 	 1 
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere. 	 0 
I'd love to go back. 	 1 
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch. 	 1 
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious! 	 1 
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner! 	 1 
Sauce was tasteless. 	 0 
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way. 	 1 
Food was so gooodd. 	 1 
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad. 	 0 
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten. 	 0 
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc. 	 1 
Best tater tots in the southwest. 	 1 
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot. 	 1 
The manager was the worst. 	 0 
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food. 	 0 
Don't waste your time here. 	 0 
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee. 	 0 
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked. 	 1 
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully. 	 1 
I LOVED it! 	 1 
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either. 	 0 
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh. 	 0 
Delicious and I will absolutely be back! 	 1 
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment. 	 1 
